I'm still worried about Jiang Zhu leaving the Hundred Illusions Realm.
How about
I go with you to the capital?
No way.
The court has been hunting down the Jade Waist Servant.
If you show up in the capital now,
it's like walking into a trap.
At present,
no one is more suitable than me
to protect Jiang Zhu's safety.
But please rest assured,
I will have Qing Niang
from time to time.
[Wu Youzhi,]
[I have more important things to do,]
[so I can't marry you.]
[You were just]
[dragged into this by me.]
[You're a good person.]
[I don't have the right to erase your memory.]
[But I'm not what you think I am.]
[If you saw my true face,]
[you would be scared.]
[I wouldn't.]
I've seen it
since the first time I saw you.
It's not scary at all.
Jiang Zhu,
no matter what you want to do,
I can be with you.
It's not up to you to decide.
Let's go.
But we can't
leave him here alone.
Why don't you come with us?
Let's go.
Madam, their journey
seems to be very exciting.
I also want to go and have a look.
Lianhua, if he makes trouble again,
I will take action.
Don't worry about them.
When I find a chance,
I'll go with you to see them.
Have I lived here for more than a month?
Come on.
Eat something first.
My sixth aunt told me
I shouldn't eat
until the master starts.
Forget the rules.
This red bean rice doesn't taste like
the one I had in the Hundred Illusions Realm.
Qing told me
you like your beans
a bit mushier,
so
I soaked them until they're soft,
then cooked them with the rice.
Purple grapes.
So special.
Yeah.
Look.
The grapes are purple.
Purple grapes.
Very special.
Try it. It's very sweet.
Well,
my sixth aunt told me that
a Yilan witch doctor told her
the Love-sickness Gu
was created by his ancestor
to cure his seriously ill wife.
But his wife didn't love him,
so he added the Love-sickness Gu.
But this is the only way
to detoxify the Love-sickness Gu.
Compared to detoxifying the Love-sickness Gu,
I hope
you can detoxify Jiang Zhu's Sound Speech Technique.
You just need to cut her finger,
then you can detoxify it.
[What I hope for is]
[that you can remember our past on your own.]
Nothing.
Let's eat.
[No matter if that day ever comes,]
[I am willing to wait.]
[Let me be the butterfly in your heart.]
You are truly my good son.
I forced him to catch Jade Waist Maid to atone for my sins.
He, on the other hand,
made a big fuss about it,
letting everyone know
that he's investigating
the incident from twelve years ago.
I am devoted to the empire and you,
with no ulterior motives.
Liao Que,
how did you get to this position?
I know
what I care about
and what I don't.
You should know that too.
With Shen Miu's determination,
if he continues to investigate,
in the end,
I
can't protect you.
Uncle,
what do you want me to do to him?
You're scared by such a trivial matter.
You're useless.
I'm not asking you to kill him,
just to make him a cripple.
No.
Take it, Uncle.
He has done me a favor.
I can't do this.
If you don't do it,
I'll let the Prince know
why you
pretended to be close to him.
Guess
if he can accept it.
You
have nothing.
If you lose his trust,
you'll lose the Studio.
Then you'll have
you'll have nowhere to go.
Liao Que, the old bastard,
climbed to power through dirty tricks,
and now he wants to poison the Prince.
Sister Zhaohua,
are you alright?
Finally, the old bastard has shown his hand.
Our top priority now
is to find evidence.
What evidence could there be?
Instead of wasting energy on searching,
we should take the initiative.
What do you mean?
I don't mean to disturb you.
But someone wants to see you.
She's a maid of Prince Yan.
A country girl.
Why did you bring her here?
Uncle Liao,
I'm Liang Dian's daughter,
Little Red Bean.
Liang Dian's daughter?
Don't you remember me?
You even held me when I was little.
I used to pester you
to teach me swordplay.
So it's my dear nephew.
How... how come you...
Uncle Liao,
my mother
was wrongfully killed.
You were her close friend
and my family.
I've been searching for you for long.
Please, Uncle Liao,
clear my mother's name.
I know your mother
the best.
Over the years,
I've been unable to sleep,
determined to find you
to clear your mother's name.
I...
How can I clear my mother's name?
Your mother
wanted to use the butterfly poison to enhance military strength
and break through the encirclement.
For this,
she wrote a petition to the Emperor.
But the petition is still missing.
I can't clear her name.
Nephew,
did your mother
leave you anything?
Yes.
What?
For the next two hours,
you can't do anything.
The Sound Speech Technique can't make him talk.
It can only make him obey temporarily.
Thank you for changing the rosemary
on him in advance.
What do you want to do?
He doesn't deserve to be a senior.
He bullied you, abandoned you,
and forced you to kill and burn.
We can't kill him now.
But
we can vent our anger.
Beat him.
Too light. You learn from me.
I never expected
Zhaohua would actually
kick him like that.
It was really satisfying.
So cool.
I even wanted to pull him out of the water.
And then
kick him again.
What's wrong?
Sister, could you help me?
My headband got blown onto the tree.
Sure.
Here you go.
Thank you.
Go.
Let's go.
You go back first.
I have something to do.
It's so late. Where are you going?
Uncle.
To find the petition.
It doesn't matter if it takes a while.
I don't have much time left.
Love-sickness Gu
can be cured in other ways.
We all can see
Jiang Zhu's feelings for you.
She just temporarily forgot you.
Once she remembers,
your curse will be broken.
Whether she loves me or not,
whether my curse can be broken or not,
these are not important.
I'm just afraid I won't have time to clear her name,
and can't let her live freely
in this world
as soon as possible.
I don't even know
what Liao Que is looking for
in the General Liang's tomb.
He might
surprise us with this.
Your Highness.
Half a month ago,
he tried to assassinate Jiang Zhu again.
Why
is he in your mansion now?
Jiang Zhu ran out of the Bichen Palace.
Zhaohua and I went after her,
but we found him outside.
He was injured by you.
He helped me.
To repay him,
I'm willing to spy on Grand Tutor Liao.
Zun Yang,
I know you want to kill Jade
to avenge your father and brother.
But there are many doubts about it.
If you kill the wrong person,
your father and brother
your father and brother.
I only have one goal in my life,
which is to kill my enemy with my own hands.
I don't care if it's the Jade Waist Servant
or someone else.
Your Highness,
are you interested in
making a deal with me?
Go ahead.
Give me the real murderer,
and I'll
tell you a secret about His Majesty.
He wants to use a living Jade Waist Maid to make medicine.
For this,
he even opened General Liang's tomb
to find the butterfly poison,
and make a new Jade Waist Maid.